
Ads & Commerce Blog

Vidhya on stage for Google Marketing Live
Breadcrumb
  Products  Google Ads & Commerce  Collection

Google Marketing Live 2026
May 20, 2026 · 13 articles
As AI transforms the landscape around us, the core mission of advertising and commerce remains the same: connecting people with the businesses that have the answers, products and inspiration they need. What is changing is how this happens.

The age-old trade off between a smart decision and fast decision doesn’t hold up anymore. As consumers shop smart and shop fast, marketers and retailers need a new playbook to keep pace. Because the only way to win in the age of AI, is with AI.

Today at Google Marketing Live, we shared how Gemini is transforming the entire marketing process — harder-working ads, high-performing creative and deeply integrated agentic technology — so businesses can grow and scale faster.

Create ads that answer and inspire: We’re reinventing ads for AI Search so they feel like helpful additions to your conversation. These next-generation ad formats close the gap between a person’s initial question and their final purchase, while making it easier to discover new brands along the way. Instantly tailored to a person’s unique query, they offer more context to help people make decisions. And our AI-powered campaigns, like AI Max, continue to be the best way to make sure businesses are an essential part of the conversation.

Collaborate with Ask Advisor: We’re introducing a new, unified agent built with Gemini that spans Google Ads, Google Analytics, Merchant Center, and Google Marketing Platform. Think of it as your always-on strategic partner, connecting the dots across our products to help you save time and grow your business. We’re also reimagining Google Analytics 360 as a new command center for modern measurement to help you better understand today’s consumer journeys.

Scale your creativity: All marketers want more and better creative — so we’re launching new features in Asset Studio to remove the friction from the process. By centralizing your workflow and connecting your favorite design tools to our latest Gemini models, you can now turn brand guidelines into high-performing creative, faster.

Drive impact on YouTube: As the platform with the most trusted creators, YouTube is the best place for businesses to build their brand and drive performance. We’re leveraging Gemini to make it easier than ever for brands to discover and partner with YouTube creators, and introducing new AI-powered formats to help our partners connect with audiences at the right moment. New Demand Gen features help bring all of these opportunities together on YouTube so you can win new customers where the future of media is being built.

Advancing the agentic commerce era: We've been laying the foundation for agentic commerce with building blocks like the Agent Payments Protocol (AP2), Universal Commerce Protocol (UCP) and our new Universal Cart. As we invest in these protocols and the experiences they unlock, we are expanding UCP to new verticals, and bringing new UCP capabilities on Google to more people. Plus, we're introducing new tools and data attributes to help your products show up and get discovered across conversational AI surfaces.

With Gemini as our foundation, we’re redefining what’s possible across Search, YouTube and Commerce. These developments bring us closer to a vision we’ve been working toward for years: a world where AI handles the complexity of execution and allows you to focus on what matters most. What was once a distant goal is now within reach — and we’re excited to be building this future with all of you.

Vidhya_headshot_format.original.original (1)
Vidhya Srinivasan

VP of Google Ads and Commerce
 
A new generation of ads for the AI era of Search

Google is introducing new ad formats built with Gemini in Search and expanding the Direct Offers pilot for shoppers.

 
Meet Ask Advisor, your new AI-powered collaborator

Our new cross product AI agent, Ask Advisor, creates a continuous thread of intelligence to help you turn insights into action.

 
Turn data into decisions with unified measurement.

We’re bringing Meridian, our open-source MMM to Google Analytics and introducing Future Long-Term Conversions.

 
Asset Studio is entering a new era of AI-powered creativity.

We’re introducing new multimodal capabilities into Google Ads’ Asset Studio.

 
Fuel your next wave of growth on YouTube with Demand Gen

Boost performance with YouTube Demand Gen. Use Gemini AI, Google Maps reach, and new creator tools to turn viewer intent into growth.

 
Google helps retailers thrive with new UCP and AI tools

New UCP-powered features and AI tools will create a more intuitive, agentic shopping experience for consumers and retailers.

 
Google Marketing Live 2026: bidding and budgeting news

New AI-powered bidding and budgeting tools help you meet your goals, manage your budgets and stay ahead of shifting consumer behavior.

 
Google Marketing Live 2026: growth in the age of AI

To move at the speed of AI, simplify your data & understand what’s driving growth. Learn more in the lead-up to Google Marketing Live.

 
Steer performance with new AI Max features

As AI Max turns 1, we’re helping you capture even more opportunities in the expanding Search universe.

 
Adapt your Shopping campaigns to modern Search with AI Max.

Built for the next generation of Search, AI Max for Shopping campaigns helps retailers reach shoppers the moment discovery begins.

 
Upgrade into Search campaigns for Travel

Upgrade to AI Max to simplify your workflow and access our most advanced tools.

 
Convert faster on YouTube with April’s Demand Gen Drop.

Learn more about our latest Demand Gen Drop and ways to maximize campaign performance in Demand Gen campaigns.

 
3 new ways Ads Advisor is making Google Ads safer and faster

Three new agentic safety and policy features integrated into Ads Advisor will help protect and streamline your Google Ads account.

Follow Us

PrivacyTermsAbout GoogleGoogle Products
 Help

Global (English)
