After we submitted the plugin, the below is also the feedback that we received from WordPress, so please change the name of the plugin to: 


Name: Rain OS AI Readability Optimizer Plugin for WordPress
Slug:  Rain OS AI readability-optimizer Plugin for WordPress
Is the name of this plugin descriptive and distinctive, and does it respect the trademarks and project names of others?


Choosing a name for a plugin can be challenging - it needs to be distinctive and meaningful, but also carefully chosen to avoid overlapping with existing plugins or inadvertently use someone else's trademark or project name in a way that could lead to confusion.


 General plugin name/slug requirements
Plugin names and slugs must not be too generic; they should briefly describe what the plugin does.
Plugin names and slugs can be original and unique, even if they don’t describe the functionality directly — as long as they are recognizable and distinctive.
Plugin names and slugs must be distinguishable from those of other plugins to avoid confusion.
Plugin names and slugs must respect others' trademarks and project names. If your plugin includes a trademark or project name that you do not own, you must clearly mention it in a way that denotes that there is no affiliation.


This plugin display name(s) is/are "AI Readability Optimizer" and the slug is "ai-readability-optimizer" .


We asked a trained AI about common issues with plugin names and it thinks there might be a problem.
 The display name 'AI Readability Optimizer' begins with a short, generic term and the remainder of the name is a common descriptor. That makes the name non‑distinctive and likely to be confused with other similar plugins in the directory.


Change the plugin name and slug to:  
Name: Rain OS AI Readability Optimizer Plugin for WordPress
Slug:  Rain OS AI readability-optimizer Plugin for WordPress


 Steps to resolve this issue


Update the display name in both the readme file and plugin headers.
Update the slug in your plugin files, for example in the internationalization functions.
